a few moments for one of the
the bank's practice this before the first
stage of the mega-ramp 2014
It happens at his house here in California.
in the United States
this one is a bob workshop where he
get the skates parachutes when
jump in the ball explains to us how
works at that time before a
The process of choosing a skateboard is
the choice of the ramp so now i go
Take a ride on the mega ramp I'll take
mega ramp skateboard and you 're here
separated and there's the script here for here
so I thought I will see what will give the wo
new york with the equipment I
I need to come here, I was able to give
Your ride here, enjoy the hills there.
There's a lot of choosing who you okay
a skateboard cabinet exactly this
place here involves what is the
Give it to you and if this workshop is
here that central I actually came
This time I'm going to skate, I have.
all I need here if I were to jump
my parachute for the fall are
there also depends on what will make my
jump helmet have my stuff
flight and arrived here by helicopter I
I stop here first and take the shot
came here and I'll do it today is the place
I come centralize the power to decide
as you need training before
a world cup stage
Look if I see too much skateboard for me and me.
Always return to this skateboarding diploma
so that's all it is to just lie on top of it
Already help he 'll be on his way back in
Not specifically time, I'm going to train.
for this event as the mega event
sale on mega ramp and has tanned a lot
the new obstacles we have there
I learned a lot of maneuvers so I go
focusing there but is rather the maximum that
I can two three times a week
second is also a rest easier
It's good, so sometimes not even walking.
Why is it hot over there, how's it going?
body was with some bruises of mine
stand by the crowd
I got my recovery, ready to go.
for that day the bank insists on action
these new obstacles and the result of
training and a life dedicated to skateboarding
Do you accompany Sunday?
in the spectacular sport